The system is designed for a company that provides logistics (delivery
of products to its client), product management (crud operations), and
effective communication with their worker, clients, and vendors.

The company has its office, warehouse, and rider. It has a different
contract with multiple firms to take the shipment from the vendors and
store it in dedicated warehouses. The rider will take orders from the
shopkeeper. Their order is received at the office, and the office will
create the feasibility report according to their shopkeepers' needs and
instructions generated for their warehouse manager to fulfill their
order. The area-specific rider will receive an email about their order.
The office will send a confirmation email to their shopkeeper.

There are a total of four actors in the system and two stakeholders.
Their titles and roles are:

-   **CEO:** The company's owner manages all the operations.

-   **Employee:** They are assistants to CEO to help in company
    operations.

-   **Warehouse Manager:** Received the instructions from the employee
    and ready the shipment for the rider, and managed other expenses.

-   **Rider:** They take orders from different shopkeepers and deliver
    the product according to pre-subscribed routes defined by the
    system.

The stakeholder is:

-   **Shopkeepers:** Getting the goods and services from the company.

-   **Vendor:** The vendor will provide the products to the company.

This system is designed for one company and one CEO. CEO will be
provided with already defined credentials. The CEO is responsible for
creating accounts for all others actors. The CEO will provide a
credential to the actors, and they will be able to update their
credentials.

The first dedicated dashboard for the CEO, where they monitor all
operations. The operations manage their workers, products, and expenses
and send emails. The CEO is the only person in the system with access to
all operations. CEO analyzes company operations, including the
performance of their workers and inventory. The system will present the
company expenditure report.

The second dashboard is for office employees. They have access to manage
emails, shopkeepers' orders, vendors' shipments, and company expenses.
The company's expenses are the CEO, rider, and warehouse salaries. The
system will present the report of payment to the vendor and shopkeeper.
An employee will enter all the shipments that the company receives. They
add product identifiers.

The third dashboard is for the warehouse manager, who receives
feasibility reports of office employees and prepares the order for the
rider. The warehouse manager must record the labor used in preparing the
order. It could provide the miscellaneous expenses of the warehouse,
like electricity costs, etc. They can view the product and make suitable
changes according to the requirements.

The fourth dashboard is for a rider, which is basically the communicator
between the company and the shopkeeper. The rider is responsible for
taking orders from the shopkeeper. Enter order details into the system.
The riders will check the current orders assigned to them by the
company. They will pick up the shipment from the warehouse and delivery
them to the shopkeeper. The system will present the routes to the
destination with the order detail. The rider received a specific amount
of fuel to perform the operations. The prescribed fuel is calculated
according to the formula. They can see all the products. The product
will be sorted in any order. Search for a specific product from a wide
range of available products. The system will deploy different sharp
algorithms to access the desired date orders quickly. Able to place the
order and view the detail of the order as well.

The system will present the report to the CEO according to the
performance of their workers, expenditures, sales and profit, salaries,
inventory report, riders' performance, shopkeeper and vendor payment,
workers' report, individual warehouse report, and miscellaneous
expenses. Like how many products are received in the warehouse, how many
products are left, how many products are delivered to company clients,
how many riders have done shipments, which rider performs most
shipments, and which rider needs to perform better. It also includes how
many orders a shopkeeper placed and whether the company received the
payment.

The email notification mechanism is embedded in the system, which helps
the company communicate within and outside with other vendors and
shopkeepers. After the rider has confirmed the order, the system will
send an email to the company. The company will send the order details to
the warehouse manager to prepare the shipment for the rider. The rider
also received the email for the delivery of the order. The employee
emails the CEO for any need of assistance with an issue. The warehouse
manager and rider also mail to the company office for any assistance. In
external communication, the client will receive a confirmation email
from the system about their order. They also take assistance from the
company with any issue.

All the data is stored in an effective data structure to extract the
data according to the need of the system actor and stakeholder.

Project Features
================

1.  CEO is able to manage employees, warehouse manager, rider, and
    shopkeeper.

2.  CEO and Employee manage product-related operations.

3.  CEO will be able to analyze company operations.

4.  Warehouse manager readies the shipment for the rider.

5.  Rider delivered the shipment to their shopkeeper.

6.  Riders are able to select the shortest route to reach the
    destination.

7.  One user is able to notify other users through email.

8.  Riders are able to view products and place an order.

9.  System presents different reports that will be generated.
